h1. Overview {anchor:id=KSref.Configuration.AnswersInitializer.Overview}

The Initialization plug-in component is to define the default answers data in the _.xml_ or _.zip_ file. It includes categories of question that should be exported from the Answers application.

When the Answers Service starts, it will get values returned from the Initialization plug-in component to initialize the default Answers data.

h1. Configuration {anchor:id=KSref.Configuration.AnswersInitializer.Configuration}

* Default Answers data

The default Answers data is configured in the _services-configuration.xml_ file.

In details, at runtime of Answers Service, the Initialization plug-in component is called, the _services-configuration.xml_ file will be executed. The component-plugin named _addInitialDataPlugin_ will refer to _org.exoplatform.faq.service.InitializeDataPlugin_ to execute some objects to create default data. 

The default data in the _.zip_ file is initialized as follows:

{code:xml}
<component-plugin>
  <name>technical-faq</name>
  <set-method>addInitialDataPlugin</set-method>
  <type>org.exoplatform.faq.service.InitialDataPlugin</type>
  <description>Initialize</description>
  <init-params>
    <value-param>
      <name>location</name>
      <description>location where Answers export format file is stored</description>
      <value>war:/data/Technical-FAQ.zip</value>
    </value-param>
  </init-params>
</component-plugin>
{code}

* In which,
|| Name || Set-Method || Type || Description ||
| *technical-faq* | addInitialDataPlugin | org.exoplatform.faq.service. InitialDataPlugin | Initialize the data plugin. |

* Init-param
|| Name || Possible value || Default value || Description ||
| *location* | {{string}} | war:/data/ Technical-FAQ.zip | The location where the Answers export format file is stored. |

If the default data is in the _XML_ format:

{code:xml}
<value>war:/data/Technical-FAQ.xml</value>
{code}

By default, the default Answers data can only import if the importing categories do not exist in database.

To initialize default data in multiple files, it is required to declare them in multiple plugins.

{code:xml}
<component-plugin>

....

</component-plugin>
{code}