
h1. Prerequisites {anchor:id=KSref.Prerequisites}
* [http://wiki.exoplatform.org/xwiki/bin/view/Portal/Portal%20Manual#HDevelopment| Portlets & Gadgets]
* [http://wiki.exoplatform.org/xwiki/bin/view/WS/|REST APIs]

h1. Applications {anchor:id=KSref.Applications}
{include:document="Application.wiki"}
h2. Portlets {anchor:id=KSref.Applications.Portlets}

h3. Forum Portlet {anchor:id=KSref.Applications.Forum Portlet}
{include:document="portlet_forum.wiki"}

h3. Answers Portlet {anchor:id=KSref.Applications.Answers Portlet}
{include:document="Answers_Preferences_Configuration.wiki"}

h3. FAQ Portlet {anchor:id=KSref.Applications.FAQ Portlet}
{include:document="FAQ_Preferences.wiki"}

h3. Polls Portlet {anchor:id=KSref.Applications.Polls Portlet}
{include:document="Poll_Preference.wiki"}

h2. Gadgets {anchor:id=KSref.Applications.Gadgets}
{include:document="Gadget_poll.wiki"}

h1. Configuration {anchor:id=KSref.Configuration}
{include:document="Configuration.wiki"}
h2. Components {anchor:id=KSref.Configuration.Components}
{include:document="Components.wiki"}

h2. External-component-plugin {anchor:id=KSref.Configuration.External-component-plugins}

h3. Init data configuration {anchor:id=KSref.Configuration.EditDataConfiguration}
{include:document="Init_data_KS.wiki"}

h3. Roles Configuration {anchor:id=KSref.Configuration.RolesConfiguration}
{include:document="Roles_Plugin_Configuration.wiki"}

h3. ProfileProvider Configuration {anchor:id=KSref.Configuration.ProfileProvider}
{include:document="Profile_Provider_Configuration.wiki"}

h3. Forum Configuration {anchor:id=KSref.Configuration.ForumConfiguration}

h4. BBCode Configuration {anchor:id=KSref.Configuration.BBCodeConfiguration}
{include:document="BBCode_Configuration.wiki"}

h4. Forums Initializer {anchor:id=KSref.Configuration.ForumsInitializer}
{include:document="Initialization_Forum_Plugin_Configuration.wiki"}

h4. Auto-prune {anchor:id=KSref.Configuration.Auto-prune}
{include:document="Auto_Prune_Plugin_Configuration.wiki"}

h4. User Statistics {anchor:id=KSref.Configuration.UserStatistics}
{include:document="Auto-count_Active_Users_Plugin_Configuration.wiki"}

h4. Update Statistic Data {anchor:id=KSref.Configuration.StatisticData}
{include:document="UpdateForumStatistics.wiki"}

h4. Default User Profile {anchor:id=KSref.Configuration.DefaultUserProfile}
{include:document="Forum_Default_User_Profile_Setting.wiki"}

h3. Answer Configuration {anchor:id=KSref.Configuration.AnswerConfiguration}

h4. Answers Initializer {anchor:id=KSref.Configuration.AnswersInitializer}
{include:document="Answers_Initialization_Plugin.wiki"}

h4. Answers Email Templates Configuration {anchor:id=KSref.Configuration.AnswersEmailTemplatesConfiguration}
{include:document="Answers_Email_Templates_Configuration.wiki"}

h3. Poll Configuration {anchor:id=KSref.Configuration.PollConfiguration} 
{include:document="Initialization_Poll_Plugin_Configuration.wiki"}

h2. Data Injector Servive {anchor:id=KSref.Configuration.Data_Injector_Service}
{include:document="Data_Injector_Service.wiki"}

h1. JCR structure {anchor:id=KSref.JCRStructure} 
{include:document="KS_JCR_structure.wiki"}

h1. Developer reference {anchor:id=KSref.DeveloperReference}
{include:document="Developer_reference.wiki"}

h2. Extension points {anchor:id=KSref.DeveloperReference.ExtensionPoints}
{include:document="Extension_points.wiki"}

h2. Internal API {anchor:id=KSref.DeveloperReference.InternalAPI}
{include:document="Internal_API.wiki"}

h2. FAQ Template Configuration {anchor:id=KSref.DeveloperReference.FAQTemplateConfiguration}
{include:document="template-configuration-plugin.wiki"}

h2. Extend actions over a wiki page from external jars {anchor:id=KSref.DeveloperReference.Extend_actions_over_a_wiki_page_from_external_jars}
{include:document="Extend_actions_over_a_wiki_page_from_external_jars.wiki"}



