
h1. Configuration plug-in {anchor:id=KSref.FAQTemplateConfiguration.ConfigurationPlugin}
Configuration plug-in is used to automatically set up a default template for the FAQ portlet. When the FAQ service starts, it will get values which are returned from the _TemplatePlugin_ component to initialize the template for the FAQ portlet.

The template configuration plug-in is configured in the _templates-configuration.xml_ file.

In details:

At runtime of the FAQ Service, _FAQService_ component is called, then _templates-configuration.xml_ file is executed. The component-plugin named _addTemplatePlugin_ will be referred to _org.exoplatform.faq.service.TemplatePlugin- to execute some objects and create default data for the *Forum* application.

{code:xml}
<external-component-plugins>
  <target-component>org.exoplatform.faq.service.FAQService</target-component>
  <component-plugin>
    <name>faq.default.template</name>
    <set-method>addTemplatePlugin</set-method>
    <type>org.exoplatform.faq.service.TemplatePlugin</type>
    <init-params>
      <value-param>
        <name>viewerTemplate</name>
        <value>war:/ks-extension/ks/faq/templates/FAQViewerPortlet.gtmpl</value>
      </value-param>
    </init-params>
  </component-plugin>
</external-component-plugins>
{code}

The properties of template configuration plug-in are defined in the _init-params_ tag as follows:

{code:xml}
<init-params>
  <value-param>
    <name>viewerTemplate</name>
    <value>war:/ks-extension/ks/faq/templates/FAQViewerPortlet.gtmpl</value>
  </value-param>
</init-params>
{code}

|| Name || Description || Value ||
|*viewerTemplate* | Path of file template. | war:/ks-extension/ks/faq/templates/ FAQViewerPortlet.gtmpl |


h1. How to change look and feel {anchor:id=KSref.FAQTemplateConfiguration.HowToChangeLookAndFeel}
You can change the template FAQ viewer in one of the following two ways:

* [By using Plug-in|#KSref.FAQTemplateConfiguration.Plugin]

* [By using the *edit mode*|#KSref.FAQTemplateConfiguration.UsingEditMode]

{docbook}
<para xml:id="KSref.FAQTemplateConfiguration.Plugin">
<citetitle>
<emphasis role="bold">
Plug-in
</emphasis>
</citetitle>
</para>
{docbook}

*1.* Create a file named *_FAQViewerPortlet.gtmpl_*. The content of the file is the template of the FAQ viewer.

*2.* Copy this file and paste into _ks-extension/WEB-INF/ks-extension/ks/faq/templates/_ that is in the *webapps* folder of the server (tomcat, jboss).

When the server runs, _FAQViewerPortlet.gtmpl_ will initialize the template of the FAQ viewer.


{docbook}
<para xml:id="KSref.FAQTemplateConfiguration.UsingEditMode">
<citetitle>
<emphasis role="bold">
Edit Mode
</emphasis>
</citetitle>
</para>
{docbook}
*1.* Run the server and open the FAQ Portlet.

*2.* Go to *edit mode* and open the *Edit Template* tab.

*3.* Edit the content of *text-area-input* and click *Save*. 


h1. API provided by the UIComponent (UIViewer.java) {anchor:id=KSref.FAQTemplateConfiguration.APIsProvidedByUIComponent}

* UIViewer is the child of the component _UIFAQPortlet_. It shows the main content of FAQ portlet.

* List of APIs:

||Function name || Param || Return || Description||
|*getCategoryInfo* | Empty | CategoryInfo object | Get the object *CategoryInfo*|
|*arrangeList* |{{ (List< String > list)}}: List of path | A new list is arranged | Arrange a list of path. |
|*render* | {{(String)}}: The content of answers or comments | A new string is converted by function render | Render the content of answers or comments. |

* The *CategoryInfo* class:{anchor:id=Category-info}

{code:java}
...
private String id;
private String path;
private String name;
private List<String> pathName;
private List<QuestionInfo> questionInfos = new ArrayList<QuestionInfo>();
private List<SubCategoryInfo> subCateInfos = new ArrayList<SubCategoryInfo>();
...
{code}

||Param|| Type || Description ||
|*id*|{{String}}| The jcr node name of the category node. |
|*path*|{{String}}| The jcr node path of the category node. |
|*name*|{{String}}| The name of the category. |
|*pathName*|{{List<String> }}| The path to the category includes a list of category names.|
|*questionInfos*|{{List<QuestionInfo>}}| The list of *QuestionInfo* object. |
|*subCateInfos*|{{List<SubCategoryInfo>}}| The list of *SubCategoryInfo* object. |

* The *QuestionInfo* class:

{code:java}
...
private String id;
private String question;
private String detail;
private List<String> answers = new ArrayList<String>();
...
{code}

||Param|| Type || Description ||
|*id*| {{String}} | The jcr node name of the question node. |
|*question*| {{String}}| The content of the question. |
|*details*| {{String}} | Details of the question. |
|*answers*| {{List<String>}} | The list of answers for the question. |

* The *SubCategoryInfo* class:
The params of this class are the same as those of the CategoryInfo class. See [here|#Category-info] for more information.
