h1. KS Features

This page intends to give you an overview of KS features. You can see them in action at [KS Live Demo|http://ks.demo.exoplatform.org].



h2. Forum

h3. Forums & Categories


** Unlimited forums
** Unlimited categories
** Private / Public forums and categories
** Hierarchical view (tree) or breadcrumb
** Global search with advanced options
** Multimedia directory storage


h3. Security and organisation

** Registration based on portal
** Groups / users management based on portal organization
** Actions access restriction (view, post, reply, ?)
** Access restriction to users / groups
** IP filtering / logging


h3. Posting

** Message formatting (rich editor) : quote, url linking, images, ? 
** Support of standard and extended BBCode tags and controlled HTML tags 
** Fast answer 
** Message preview 
** Polls 
** Email notification
** RSS notification
** Topic subscription capability 
** Emoticons / Smileys 
** Message toolbar : quote, edit, user info (IM, personal site, ?), ?
** Vote
** Tag topic

h3. Members

** User profile
** Post counting and administrator-definable ranks for users
** Private messages
** Signature

h3. Forum navigation

** State icon (new message in the forum / topic since last visit) 
** Favorites 
** User profile link 
** Online users 
** Print out view


h3. Moderation

** Topic editing 
** Mass delete/move/lock/unlock of posts 
** Topic splitting 
** Option of auto-pruning of old or unanswered messages on a per-forum basis
** Export/import category/forum

h3. Administration

** General configuration 
** Forum and category setup 
** Moderation : a priori / a posteriori 
** Access (public / private, registered user, ?) 
** Participation (close forum, set to read only, lock, ?) 
** Word censoring 
** Statistics 
** IP tracking of posts and posters 
** Messages
** Notify content


h2. FAQ
h3. Questions

** Submit question
** Submit answer
** Multiple language
** Rich text editor
** Links to other questions
** Organize in taxonomy


h3. Attachements

** File attachments on questions
** Multiple upload
** Image preview

h3. Moderation

** Category moderator
** Group, user or membership as moderator
** Moderation a priori
** Moderation a posteriori
** Approve / disapprove
** Activate / desactivate
** Import/Export 

h3. Questions management

** Answer question
** Edit
** Delete
** Move
** Send question by email

h3. Other 

** Watch
** Print 
** Search
** Advanced search
** User settings













